Manually add responsys kit. (#4)
mparticle-integrations/mparticle-apple-integration-responsys: README.md

	**NOTE**: In **step [2]**, download your app's **pushio_config.json** file, however, this does not need to be added to your app, you will need its contents to create the Responsys Connection in your mParticle workspace. 

2. Download the [Responsys Kit files](https://github.com/mparticle-integrations/mparticle-apple-integration-responsys/tree/master/mParticle-Responsys) and include it in your project target.

3. Follow the mParticle iOS SDK [quick-start](https://github.com/mParticle/mparticle-apple-sdk), then rebuild and launch your app, and verify that you see `"Included kits: { Responsys }"` in your Xcode console 

> (This requires your mParticle log level to be at least Debug)

> 4. Follow step [8.5] in [Step-by-Step guide](https://docs.oracle.com/cloud/latest/marketingcs_gs/OMCFA/ios/step-by-step/) to register the app. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Follow step [8.5] in the Oracle [step-by-step guide](https://docs.oracle.com/cloud/latest/marketingcs_gs/OMCFA/ios/step-by-step/) to register the user for push notifications. 
```

>     **NOTE**:  This step might prompt user for push notification permission if not already prompted. If you want to delay notification permission prompt than register at appropriate place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**:  This step will prompt the user for push notification permissions if they have not already granted permissions. It's up to you to determine the earliest appropriate step in the user experience to request this permission.
```
